Are there patterns in average number of electric scooter rides and the destination choice throughout a day in Minneapolis, Minnesota? 

Sub questions: When do we expect the number of rides to decrease and when do we expect to see it increase? 
Is there, generally, a hub for end destination? If yes, how does this hub change throughout the day?


Analysis took place over the September through October time frame. Additionally, we added data that translated destination code to the 
street intersection. After analysing these data we can clearly see that there are clear patterns of how citizens of Minneapolis use 
e-scooters. First, the riding activity starts very early in the morning. People get rides all night, but the activity is low, 
and starts to accelerate atound 7am, then continues to increase but at a slower rate. Rides reach their peak at 5pm and proceed
to decline, hitting rock bottom at around 11pm. 
Most common destination is 14th Ave SE and 5th St SE - a university of minnesota is located right near this corner, suggesting
that this is one of the most popular places people go at the end of the day. Additionally, if you could click through the graphic,
you would see that another most common place for people to go in the morning is downtown. It makes sense since that's where the
majority of business is happening.


Truthfulness - there was a a big problem with the dataset. There was a 5 hour discrepancy between what was shown on the website and what was in the csv. I adjusted for the time difference to maintain truthfulness of the visual. Otherwise, it would seem that people use scooter primarily in the hours between3am and 6am.
Beauty - A simple visual with a few accents. 45 degrees rotated x labels make it easier for the reader to see the time.
Functionality - unfortunately you cannot access the interactivity through the png, but on my website you can click on the dots and the red square will change location and the text will inform you of the most common destination at selected hour.
Insightfulness - with this graphic we can clearly see people's movement patterns and we know where they tend to go on the scooters. This can help companies, like Lime to optimize how and where they drop scooters for the next day.
